Venusaur is known as the 'Seed Pokemon'.\nThere is a large flower on Venusaur's back. The flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight. The flower's aroma soothes the emotions of people.
Charizard is known as the 'Flame Pokemon'.\nCharizard flies around the sky in search of powerful opponents. It breathes fire of such great heat that it melts anything. However, it never turns its fiery breath on any opponent weaker than itself.
Blastoise is known as the 'Shellfish Pokemon'.\nBlastoise has water spouts that protrude from its shell. The water spouts are very accurate. They can shoot bullets of water with enough accuracy to strike empty cans from a distance of over 160 feet.
Pikachu is known as the 'Mouse Pokemon'.\nWhenever Pikachu comes across something new, it blasts it with a jolt of electricity. If you come across a blackened berry, it's evidence that this Pokemon mistook the intensity of its charge. This Pokemon has electricity-storing pouches on its cheeks. These appear to become electrically charged during the night while Pikachu sleeps. It occasionally discharges electricity when it is dozy after waking up.
Eevee is known as the 'Evolution Pokemon'.\nEevee has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to the environment in which it lives. Radiation from various stones causes this Pokemon to evolve. Current studies show it can evolve into an incredible eight different species of Pokemon. Eevee's genes are the key to solving the mysteries of Pokemon evolution.
Meganium is known as the 'Herb Pokemon'.\nThe fragrance of Meganium's flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, this Pokemon gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe's fighting spirit.
Typhlosion is known as the 'Volcano Pokemon'.\nTyphlosion obscures itself behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intensely hot flames. This Pokemon creates blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders.
Feraligatr is known as the 'Big Jaw Pokemon'.\n Feraligatr intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth. In battle, it will kick the ground hard with its thick and powerful hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed.
Sceptile is known as the 'Forest Pokemon'.\nThe leaves growing on Sceptile's body are very sharp edged. This Pokemon is very agile--it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind.
Blaziken is known as the 'Blaze Pokemon'.\nBlaziken has incredibly strong legs--it can easily clear a 30-story building in one leap. This Pokemon's blazing punches leave its foes scorched and blackened.
Swampert is known as the 'Mud Fish Pokemon'.\nSwampert predicts storms by sensing subtle differences in the sounds of waves and tidal winds with its fins. If a storm is approaching, it piles up boulders to protect itself.
Torterra is known as the 'Continent Pokemon'.\nSmall Pokemon occasionally gather on its unmoving back to begin building their nests. Ancient people imagined that beneath the ground, a gigantic Torterra dwelled.
Infernape is known as the 'Flame Pokemon'.\nIt tosses its enemies around with agility. It uses all its limbs to fight in its own unique style. Its crown of fire is indicative of its fiery nature. It is beaten by none in terms of quickness.
Empoleon is known as the 'Emperor Pokemon'.\nIt swims as fast as a jet boat. The edges of its wings are sharp and can slice apart drifting ice. The three horns that extend from its beak attest to its power. The leader has the biggest horns.
Serperior is known as the 'Regal Pokemon'.\nIt only gives its all against strong opponents who are not fazed by the glare from Serperior's noble eyes.
Emboar is known as the 'Mega Fire Pig Pokemon'.\nIt can throw a fire punch by setting its fists on fire with its fiery chin. It cares deeply about its friends. It has mastered fast and powerful fighting moves. It grows a beard of fire.
Samurott is known as the 'Formidable Pokemon'.\nIn the time it takes a foe to blink, it can draw and sheathe the seamitars attached to its front legs. One swing of the sword incorporated in its armor can fell an opponent. A simple glare from one of them quiets everybody.
Chesnaught is known as the 'Spiny Armor Pokemon'.\nIts Tackle is forceful enough to flip a 50-ton tank. It shields its allies from danger with its own body. When it takes a defensive posture with its fists guarding its face, it could withstand a bomb blast.
Delphox is known as the 'Fox Pokemon'.\nUsing psychic power, it generates a fiery vortex of 5,400 degrees Fahrenheit, incinerating foes swept into this whirl of flame. Delphox gazes into the flame at the tip of its branch to achieve a focused state, which allows it to see into the future.
Greninja is known as the 'Ninja Pokemon'.\nIt appears and vanishes with a ninja's grace. It toys with its enemies using swift movements, while slicing them with throwing stars of sharpest water. Greninja creates throwing stars out of compressed water. When it spins them and throws them at high speed, these stars can split metal in two.
Decidueye is known as the 'Arrow Quill Pokemon'.\nDecidueye is able to move about while completely masking its presence from others. Once an opponent has lost sight of it, Decidueye seizes the chance to attack it unawares. In a tenth of a second, Decidueye plucks an arrow quill from within its wing and sends its hurtling toward its target.
Incineroar is known as the 'Heel Pokemon'.\nAs its fighting spirit increases, the flames that Incineroar produces within its body burst from its navel and waistline. In the heat of battle, Incineroar shows no concern for its opponents - and sometimes even launches attacks that strike the opposing Trainer! As a result, many tend to dislike this Pokemon and keep it at a distance.
Primarina is known as the 'Soloist Pokemon'.\nAs it dances, Primarina releases balloons of water into the area around itself, moving them using the sound waves from its voice. The sight of moonlight reflecting off its glittering balloons creates a magical scene. Since Primarina controls its balloons using its voice, any injury to its throat can become a grave problem. Its greatest enemies are arid environments and the overuse of its voice during back-to-back battles.
Rillaboom is known as the 'Drummer Pokemon'.\nBy drumming, it taps into the power of its special tree stump. The roots of the stump follow its direction in battle. The one with the best drumming techniques becomes the boss of the troop. It has a gentle disposition and values harmony among its group.
Cinderace is known as the 'Striker Pokemon'.\nIt juggles a pebble with its feet, turning it into a burning soccer ball. Its shots strike opponents hard and leave them scorched. Cinderace is skilled at both offense and defense, and it gets pumped up when cheered on. But if it starts showboating, it could put itself in a tough spot.
Inteleon is known as the 'Secret Agent Pokemon'.\nIt has many hidden capabilities, such as fingertips that can shoot water and a membrane on its back that it can use to glide through the air. Its nictitating membranes let it pick out foes' weak points so it can precisely blast them with water that shoots from its fingertips at Mach 3.





